because this special out of fun
because she's only 13 years old she's
lost her mother and she's without an
experienced at all to to guide her
through life and as a result she's
doesn't look like she's doing very well
and Frank's not just concerned for her
Bieber
although the Beavers only 13 years old
which is about the same as being a 13
year old human in terms of life
experience she does have a little baby
and that means that the stakes are high
not just for her but she's also got a
dependent and what would really help
people right now as if she could find an
elder experienced female from another
family to take her in and show the ropes
elephant herds are usually made up of
family members but in Samburu some
matriarchs are taking unrelated
elephants under their wing this behavior
is helping orphans survive at a time
when their families are being torn apart
by ivory poaching
joining a larger more experienced group
could offer her Bieber's heard a vital
lifeline Frank reaches the location
where her Bieber was last seen sorry
girls
we got a morning Habiba one thing to see
you know a group of elephants on the
plane munching grass is another - you
know it's a beaver with a particular
history and that she's on her own in
life she's struggling with this look
Adam does give an extra tinge to this
morning scene he was looking a little
bit scrawny the conflicts a little bit
on the fence idea that's to be expected
in this troilus her vivaz calf is not
the only one depending on her
even though she's only a teenager at 13
Habiba is the oldest in her herd the
younger orphans look to her for
leadership but she's half the age of a
normal matriarch it's a tough thing so
much responsibility on her shoulders her
look all these other elephants that are
whether they're alive I know they're
looking up to it but she doesn't really
know what she's doing most of the time
she's staying within the safety of the
reserve and as long as she doesn't do
anything too erratic and the rains will
be here soon and everything should be
rosy until the rains come they'll have
to try and make it on their own with
other herds scattered because of the
drought it's unlikely she will find an
experienced family to join